    @Composable
    fun Greeting(name: String, modifier: Modifier = Modifier) {
        Text(
            text = "Hello  $name!",
            modifier = modifier
        )
    }

Q1. explanation of above code snippet

A1.
That code defines a reusable UI component in Jetpack Compose, Android's modern UI toolkit. In simple terms, it's a blueprint for a piece of text on the screen that says "Hi" followed by a name you provide.
Let's break down each part of the code snippet:

@Composable
This is an annotation that tells the Compose compiler that this function is intended to create UI. It transforms data into a UI element. Think of it as a special label that marks this function as a building block for your app's screen. All Composable functions must be called from other Composable functions.

fun Greeting(name: String, modifier: Modifier = Modifier)
This is the function declaration.

fun Greeting: Defines a function named Greeting. By convention, Composable function names are capitalized.

name: String: This is a parameter. It means the Greeting function must be given a piece of text (a String), like "Android" or "John", which it will use to display the message.
modifier: Modifier = Modifier: This is an optional parameter. A Modifier is used to decorate or add behavior to a Composable, such as changing its size, adding padding, handling user input, or setting a background color. Giving it a default value of Modifier makes it optional to use.

Text(...)
This is another Composable function, provided by the Compose framework, that is used to display text on the screen.

text = "Hi $name!": This sets the actual text to be displayed. The $name is a string template that inserts the value of the name parameter into the text. So if you pass "Android" as the name, the text will be "Hi Android!".
modifier = modifier: This applies the modifier passed into the Greeting function to the Text composable. This allows you to customize the Text element from the outside when you call Greeting.

How It's Used
You would call this Greeting function from another Composable function to actually display it on the screen.


For example:

@Composable
fun MyApp() {
    // This will display "Hi Android!" with 16dp of padding around it.
    Greeting(
        name = "Android",
        modifier = Modifier.padding(16.dp)
    )
}
In this example, MyApp calls Greeting, passing in the name "Android" and a Modifier that adds padding. The Greeting function then uses these values to configure and display the Text element.